Wow, it's cold!
Why is it so cold?
Eun-ho! What are you doing out here?
It's freezing!
- Episode 3 -
Welcome home!
Why were you shivering out in the cold?
Can't believe how expensive
onions are these days!
I'll head upstairs now.
Sure! Get some rest.
That was strange of him…
Everyone! Gather around!
Mo Pil-tae's got great speed
and concentration to boot.
However, he's got weak stamina.
There you have it! My competitor analysis
for the qualification match!
Let me get this straight…
You organized all these?
The physiques, records, and styles
of all major speed skaters in the world?
And ours as well?
Yup!
That's my Man-hee…
Always on top of things!
All those videos and books…
all that information you've been organizing
was for this?
Well I am a sports medicine major.
So I did a little analysis of
all your physiques,
including what your weaknesses are
compared to other global athletes.
So based on your analysis,
my competition management
needs more work, right?
And my physique is set?
Nope.
Your major strengths are
naturally great response and speed.
You can improve on your competition skills
by practicing with Eun-ho.
Because that's Eun-ho's forte.
As for Eun-ho, you need to
manage your stamina until the end.
Also, your lower body is especially weak.
The coaching staff will take care of it.
It's not like I wasn't aware of it.
Is that all?
What are you staring so hard at?
Oh, it's an audition poster.
I mean, why are you staring
at a poster like that?
Was I?
Yeah, like, real hard.
I'm going to look at it every day
while practicing!
Ugh, what a mess…
She should have cleaned this up
and put everything back before heading up.
Huh? It's gone!
Oh, this is bad!
Who erased the board?
Argh!
Hey, the heater's on, right?
Yeah. It's all the way up.
We are covering ourselves
with this blanket, right?
A pretty hefty blanket, too.
What's this? Siberia?
It's like we're back at the training camp…
You think so too?
A little chilly, right?
Totally…
So we have to sleep here, right?
Sounds impossible, am I right?
I can't take this anymore!
Wow, it's cold!
So cold!
What the heck, you two!
It's super warm here!
Hey, that room is freezing!
We're sleeping here tonight.
Eun-ho, please! Just for a few days!
The boiler's broken over there…
Ridiculous... This is your room!
Not right now, it isn't.
I'm paying to board here, remember?
So is that a no?
That's right. Especially not him.
That Q-tip head…
Can we change your mind somehow?
That room is unbearable…
Not for free.
What do you want?
Can I ask anything?
Sure! Sure!
This is what I want…
Hey, Ho-young! I…
Good morning, Ji-na!
Did you sleep well?
Oh, hi, Eun-ho!
Hey, Ho-young, I…
Oh, um… I'm running a bit late.
See you!
This is what I want.
What is it?
Ho-young. Don't speak with Ji-na again.
Wait, no. Don't even meet her anywhere.
How is that even possible?
We live in the same house!
Then you can stay at a different house.
Hey, what are you…
Anyway, no speaking with her!
No meeting up with her!
If you don't like that,
you can sleep outside.
What are you, a kid?
That's cheap!
Yeah, I'm cheap.
If you don't like it, get out of here!
I'm going to kill this guy… Hey!
Wait, no! We'll freeze to death out there!
Hey, you should have waited for us.
You headed out without even seeing me!
Here, drink this!
That's my Ho-young!
What about me?
You had one already!
Well, I want another one.
I'm disappointed…
- Ugh…
- What?
Can't wait to see today's schedule…
I can't wait to see what's for dinner.
Remember that spicy pork?
Did we get more of that?
That was so good, right?
Excuse me!
I checked out the boarding house
Eun-ho is staying at.
It didn't look like the best environment…
I think you should call him back.
Is he training at the center?
Huh? Yes, of course.
Let's try working as a team today,
just as we practiced.
Eun-ho and Ho-young. Check each other's
pace and adjust your speed.
Everyone else, remember your own pace!
All right, everyone get ready!
Coach!
Get ready!
He's a good skater!
Coach Son's indeed got an eye for talent.
It's just a practice.
Today's results don't really matter…
A pro should practice
like it's a competition!
There can only be one first place.
That boy needs more practice.
That's good! Focus!
Let's do five sets of this,
- and we'll call it a day.
- Thank you!
Working hard, I see.
- Hello!
- Yes, yes...
You know we have high hopes for you, right?
Thank you! I'll do my best!
Eun-ho is a world-class skater.
He's sure to win a medal at
the upcoming PyeongChang Olympics.
No, not just a medal. A gold medal!
You should perform your tasks
as a pacesetter.
Match Eun-ho's speed!
Match his stamina!
Make sure he performs well!
Don't try to win yourself!
So you want me to lose on purpose?
No, not lose on purpose!
But if you have to lose, you should lose.
Take Eun-ho to the first place!
That's the job of a pacesetter!
What?
There's no such thing as having to lose.
Why, that little…
Yes, chairman…
Yes…
Eun-ho?
Sure, I know.
Right now?
Why is that car lurking around here?
Hey!
Yes?
Hold on a second…
You don't look like
one of those loan sharks…
Who are you?
Why are you lurking around here?
Ma'am. That's no reason to
knock on someone's car…
Your car is sitting
right in front of my restaurant!
What's you and your car doing here anyway?
I'll get out.
Yes, sir.
Eun-ho!
You must be starving!
Here, try this.
Should have told me you were visiting!
I would've prepared something better.
Please, enjoy.
- Please, eat.
- Yes, thank you.
Oh this… Eun-ho really likes this one.
It's good for athletes, I heard…
Here, eat!
Let's eat now.
Yes, please eat.
It's nice and cozy, this house…
Stop this and come back home now.
The qualification match is coming up soon.
You need to manage
your daily schedule as well.
I am managing myself.
Especially training…
Is that why you lost today?
It was a practice.
I told you to practice like
you are really competing.
You haven't changed…
No more back talk. Come back home.
Or you won't have time to train properly.
Not to mention managing your condition.
No. I'm not going back.
What?
I like it here.
This how a person should live.
Everyone's good to me.
The meals are delicious.
What? I don't feed you well enough at home?
Come home.
What can you possibly gain from boarding?
You know our house is bad.
The atmosphere, I mean.
So you still couldn't find
that money-stealing weasel?
She knew what that money was for,
and still ran with it!
I really have to find her!
No, I won't hold it for long.
Just some emergency loan…
Otherwise I'll get into a real big trouble!
You know this is my brother's place…
Manager!
Seize Eun-ho's credit card! Now!
He wants to live on his own.
He won't need my help!
But what should we get your mom
for her birthday?
All you have to do is just help.
I'm preparing the gift with Man-hee.
You meet up with Man-hee and Ji-na,
get her gift
and then just enjoy the dinner.
But it's her birthday.
Shouldn't it be just family?
I'm not sure if I…
Hey, you are already our family!
Do you know how much my mom
worries about you?
Oh, come on…
- Let's go, friend!
- Let's go.
Hey, Eun-ho!
Your dad may talk to you like that,
but it's because he worries about you.
Yes…
Now I know where you got that
handsome face from.
It was your dad!
So your dad is the chairman of
the Kangbaek Foundation?
Yes…
I see…
Oh, headed to the training center?
I'm also going to
get some exercise for once.
I'll get going then.
He's so handsome and polite…
Looks like he got it all from his dad.
That was one handsome dad…
Exactly my type!
You know what today is!
- Mom's birthday!
- Aunt's birthday!
So we prepared a little event!
Eun-ho! Over here!
Are the kids here?
No one?
Is no one here?
All the lights are off too…
Happy birthday, aunt!
Happy birthday, mom!
It's not much, but here…
Happy birthday!
Surprising me like this, all of you…
I bought this with
the money I got from work!
It's really good!
Happy birthday!
Next time, I'm going to get you
something bigger,
something a lot better! Okay?
Nonsense!
Not like I did much for you…
Ma'am, happy birthday!
I'm so grateful. You've been so good.
Thank you. All of you.
You are all so kind…
- Mom is crying!
- She's crying!
You have to blow the candles!
One, two, three!
Happy birthday!
- Thank you!
- Happy birthday, mom!
Mom! I know you like karaoke!
Let's go! What do you say?
Oh, should we?
Yes! The karaoke is on me!
Save it up for the audition!
Tonight's karaoke is on me!
Sit down, Man-bok!
You are pretty today.
Like you were yesterday.
No, you are even prettier today.
When I say these, you always
ignore it, and change the subject.
I had a nice dream last night.
I can't tell you right now.
It's too embarrassing.
And I shouldn't reveal my dreams.
A dream I'll never dream again.
Such a pleasant dream.
I feel like it really is you.
A dream that stays in my head all day.
Such a pleasant dream.
That's you!
I got all the stress out of my system
thanks to you all!
Wait till I get that medal, mom.
I'll take of you good.
That's my Man-bok!
I should just study harder
and get a good job. That'd be faster.
What? You don't trust your brother?
Just stating the fact!
Oh, you kids head back in.
I have to see Kim at the supermarket…
I mean, at the hair salon.
Go on! Go on!
It's cold, mom! Come back soon!
Yes, come back soon!
Come back soon!
How did it go? Did they find her?
No?
Okay… Bye.
Hello?
Just give me a few more days…
I swear I'll pay back.
Please? Just a few days…
Of course I'll pay everything!
Yes!
Please! I beg you!
Just give me a few more days…
I swear I'll pay back.
Please? Just a few days…
The days are flying by,
and we still have no word of her.
I'm going crazier by the day!
Is there any way we can
get some emergency loan?
I need whatever we can find…
Yes.
I wouldn't even tell you this
if it weren't an emergency!
That's what drives me crazy!
What if the kids find out?
Let's ask around… every penny would help.
One! Two!
Eyes to the front!
Three!
One!
Man-bok! You are getting shaky!
One! Two!
Hey, what's wrong? You are not focusing!
It's… nothing.
Three!
Attention!
The qualification match is coming up.
Thanks to the Olympics,
the press is focusing on how we're doing.
So we're having a friendly match
with the Star Sports Foundation Team.
Don't push yourself too hard
and end up getting injured. Got it?
I'm talking about you!
Take special care not to get injured!
Am I clear?
Yes, coach!
Gather at the rink by 14:00 after lunch!
Dismiss!
- Aren't you eating?
- You go on ahead.
Yes, coach.
Man-bok! Time for lunch!
I'm not really hungry.
You? What are you talking about?
Come on. Let's go.
No, I'm really not hungry.
What's gotten into you? What's going on?
Just a little headache.
I'll be fine after a bit of rest.
All right.
If you don't feel well,
tell the coach and
get some rest this afternoon.
I can take care of myself.
I'll be going, then.
Can I talk to you for a minute?
What do you mean?
Depending on how you do…
we can take care of your debt.
[Viki Ver] OCN E03 Short
-♥ Ruo Xi ♥-
Um… I'm here for lunch.
You can sit over there.
Do you know what time it is?
How come you haven't eaten yet?
Well, I just missed the timing…
A rich man like you
missing out on lunch?
Anyway, like father, like son, I guess.
You both eat like champions!
How much do I owe you?
Are all rich people like this?
Trying to solve things with money first?
I can't charge you!
You are Eun-ho's dad!
Please, take care of Eun-ho…
He's… a bit on the weaker side.
Please, at least let him eat right.
Come on... What's this…
Now that the press is focusing on us,
we have to make Eun-ho stand out.
The chairman is very keen on this as well.
Eun-ho is doing fine.
Doing fine is not good enough!
That's now how the press sees him.
People still think he hasn't
gotten out of his slump.
What I'm saying is…
How about we exclude Ho-young
from this match?
So, just to make Eun-ho stand out,
you want to exclude Ho-young?
Well, that's not exactly what I meant.
He'll be like our secret weapon!
We are just not revealing him right now!
Do your best. Show us what you've got!
Race with confidence!
Don't mind that whole pacesetter thing!
Just do as I say,
and we'll take care of the debt.
About what you said earlier…
What do you want me to do?
You know Eun-ho is our star athlete.
Ho-young is his pacesetter.
We don't want those two on the same track.
If you can make that happen…
We'll give you enough money
to clear your mother's debt.
Take it easy. It's just a friendly match.
Doesn't matter if it's friendly.
I have to do my best!
They say I'm a rising star.
I have to show them what I can do.
You are Eun-ho's pacesetter, after all.
Don't push yourself too hard.
What if you get injured?
Hey, no worries.
I've been playing on ice since I was a kid.
Never got injured once.
You know that.
Ho-young…
Can you please let Eun-ho win?
Just this once?
You know his dad is the chairman here.
What's wrong with you?
No, think about it!
The qualification match is coming up soon.
If you try too hard here,
you might get injured…
I won't! Don't worry!
This is like a pre-match test!
A chance to check up on my skills.
That's what it is.
I won't push myself too hard.
Can we please let Eun-ho shine
just this once?
He's the top ranking skater in the world!
Seriously! What's wrong with you today?
Has living together
brought you guys that close?
Is he your best friend now?
So what? You want me to lose on purpose?
Just today…
Please! Just today!
There's no such thing as having to lose.
I'll win no matter what,
even if it's just to feel better.
It's a friendly match, so don't overdo it.
But don't go easy, either.
Everyone, please do your best.
Show the power of Korean skaters
to everyone out there!
Ready!
To the starting line!
Man-bok!
Are you okay?
Where does it hurt?
Thankfully it's nothing serious.
Okay…
I know you two are close.
But you can't forfeit a race like that.
That's not what a professional does.
I'm sorry.
Are you?
You should have raced until the end!
But why did Man-bok
race like that? Do you know?
That was too aggressive…
That's not what I taught him.
Anyway, let's continue tomorrow.
Take care of Man-bok.
Yes, coach. See you tomorrow.
Good. Good.
Yes! That's good…
Oh, come in! Come in!
Have you read the articles?
They are all praising Eun-ho!
Yes, they are.
If he just continues like this,
he'll be a national for sure!
He'll get that gold medal, no problem!
You are the legend of short track skating!
And your successor will be Eun-ho!
Man-bok got injured while competing.
I see you aren't even worried about him.
Injuries like that do happen.
You wouldn't try to eliminate Ho-young
by using Man-bok, would you?
Huh?
How can you say that?
He was speeding too aggressively.
I never taught him anything like that.
There were cameras out there!
Maybe he wanted to show off!
If someone at the Kangbaek Foundation
tried to use one athlete
for the benefit of another,
and planned something like this…
If someone tried to
ruin one of our athletes like that,
then I can no longer stay here.
To me, Eun-ho is just as important
as Ho-young and Man-bok.
They are all my precious pupils.
Do you understand?
You crazy bastard!
You could have broken your ankle!
Why did you do that?
Spit it out! Why did you do that?
Was I that good?
You wanted to beat me that badly?
It's nothing like that.
So what was that dangerous speeding about?
Hey, Ho-young…
Can we just go back to Gangwon-do
and skate like we used to?
What are you talking about now?
The Kangbaek Foundation
doesn't want you to beat Eun-ho.
Because you are his pacesetter…
They want Eun-ho to
compete at the Olympics.
They're using you
so that he can win the gold.
So what?
I tried to separate you from Eun-ho.
That's…
That's what I did…
I'm sorry, Ho-young…
Who gave you that order?
Who? Why?
Mom is… in debt…
They said they'd take care of it…
That's why I sold you out…
I'm really sorry.
I'm so sorry, Ho-young…
Is that why you asked me…
to lose on purpose?
And when that didn't go as planned,
you threw yourself out of the race?
I couldn't do anything to you…
Well, you did it.
I gave up that race!
Everything went as planned, right?
Mom, what is it?
Man-bok! Oh, what do we do?
The restaurant!
Mom… Mom, what is it?
- What is it?
- Man-bok?
Can you come here right now?
What is it? What's going on?
Some men showed up at the restaurant,
and just started wrecking the place!
I have to go!
Not in this condition!
I'll go!
Ho-young!
I'm sorry…
Don't tell mom about this…
But just look at yourself!
Okay…
Is this what you wanted?
Thanks to you,
I'm a shameless laughing stock now!
What are you talking about?
Is winning that important?
You don't care about anything else?
As long as I win?
Just take it easy! What happened?
They must have reported back to you!
You put another athlete's life on the line
just to let me win. What good is that?
Is this the sportsmanship
you always talk about?
Is that it?
What in the world is going on?
Don't play dumb! I heard everything!
Doesn't matter how important my victory is.
How could you…
How could you rig a competition like that?
How could you pay someone
to do something so reckelss?
What? Rigged?
You ordered the manager, didn't you?
That manager…
He wouldn't do something like this
on his own.
You used bribe…
and told him to eliminate Ho-young!
I can't skate like this!
This is too much for my pride.
I can't do this.
Eun-ho! Eun-ho!
Park Eun-ho!
What do you mean, you quit?
Just come here. Let's talk about this.
Eun-ho! Eun-ho!
What happened?
One of our athletes got injured
in the friendly match.
He was speeding recklessly.
How is his condition?
He'll need rehabilitation.
Sir…
Did you plan to use Ho-young
as just a pacesetter,
and then throw him away?
When I told him to train as a pacesetter,
I wanted him to grow alongside Eun-ho.
Eun-ho improved a lot too,
training with Ho-young.
But after what happened,
the two won't be the same…
What do you mean?
Man-bok is like a brother to Ho-young.
Ho-young wouldn't risk his friend
just to win a competition.
Eun-ho just told me he's quitting as well.
As for me, if this organization
condones this kind of trickery,
then I can no longer work here.
I'm sorry.
What in the world
do you think you are doing?
Come back this instant!
What were you thinking,
planning something grave like that?
What? What?
I'm truly sorry…
Rigging a race?
How could you?
If that Man-bok ends up
never recovering,
were you planning on
taking full responsibility?
His entire career is at stake!
Who do you think you are?
This was all for Eun-ho…
all for you, chairman!
How was that for us?
I… have no excuse…
You just made a big mistake.
You better pray that boy recovers.
If not,
you won't be seeing me ever again!
How in the world did he find out?
Darn it!
Hey, Ji-na!
I was just getting hungry! Nice timing!
Mom told me to eat before coming home.
And I just thought of you!
I knew you'd be practicing here.
Have you decided what to wear
for the audition?
You want me to help?
Really?
Ho-young… Why are you here?
Man-bok is having
a quick meeting with the coach.
So I came in his place.
You didn't have to come…
You didn't have to see all this…
Hey, broken glass! That's dangerous!
Just get some rest.
I'll do the cleaning.
Ho-young…
You know how much Man-bok worries about me.
Of course.
So don't tell him about this.
Tell him it wasn't a big deal.
He needs to focus on his training.
Okay.
It's good to have you here, though.
Because you are always with Man-bok,
I don't have to worry about him.
But you know how he gets all worried…
So just tell him it was nothing.
Gosh, what a mess!
I should start cleaning.
Hey, I got this.
You go do your thing.
Go on!
No, it's okay. I'll just help out a little!
No, just go.
I should make you something
to take home with you.
But I'm just so disorganized right now.
Okay? Just go.
Kang Baek-ho…
I'm so embarrassed.
I don't think I can face you right now.
Fairness and sportsmanship…
To uphold those values…
That's why I founded this organization
and named it after you.
I'm so sorry…
Who did this to my baby!
Is Man-bok hurt?
What happened?
Without Man-bok, this means nothing to me.
I won't do it alone.
Your father's name is Kang Baek-ho, right?
You know the qualification match is
coming up soon.
Giving up on such fine athletes
is not what you want, either.
The boys still haven't returned.
I'm going to do my best at the audition,
so you can't quit until the end, either.
Ji-na, if I make it into the national team,
will you go out with me?
I still haven't told her yet.
You are too late, kid.